Updated for 2.18+ publishing process (#41)
owncloud/branded_clients: modules/ROOT/pages/branded_android_app/update_android_app_2021.adoc

Download the PEPK-Tool as instructed.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_16.png[image]

Gather your keystore parameters:

* KeyStore Alias
* Key Store Password
* Key Alias Password

These are the parameters you previously used to sign your app. Perhaps you kept them stored in the ownBrander.

Input the command below into an open terminal window. As seen in the screen after the command, you can click on the copy to clipboard icon (Step 2) to copy the entire command block, but you must modify the "foo" parts of the command as follows:

* `foo.keystore` must be replaced by the `keystore name` (here: damken)
* `Alias` is the `app name` (here: damkencloud) aka the `Key Alias`.

[source,java]
----
java -jar pepk.jar --keystore=foo.keystore --alias=foo --output=encrypted_private_key_path
----

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_17.png[image]

After executing the above command, you will be prompted to enter both the passwords for "your keystore password" and then for "your key alias password".
Keep in mind, that these passwords are invisible when typing them. (Multiple entries or typos lead to errors.)

> You can also check your signing parameters in ownBrander, if you have uploaded them for previous versions.

Author: Thanks for your feedback here. However, I believe that the comma is correctly placed.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_24.png[image]

== Upload Android App Bundle

Proceed by clicking on "upload" in order to upload the `*-release.aab` file you previously downloaded from your shared account (personal folder) on customer.owncloud.com.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_25.png[image]

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_26.png[image]

You should see Googles colors changing during the upload process. Thereafter, a preview of the app release candidate.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_27.png[image]

The new version is available and should be thoroughly examined before releasing it to the production environment.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_28.png[image]

Optionally, you may choose to provide your users with information regarding the changelog, so they know which changes have been implemented.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_29.png[image]

If available from a previous release, just copy it.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_30.png[image]

After saving any modifications, proceed by clicking the "check release" button.

image:branded_android_app/android_app_build_31.png[image]

> You may see some warnings. (If of importance, check to see in what regards they are.) Scroll down.

Reviewer: Is there a color scheme or something that helps users decide what might be important?

Author: The warnings (see screenshot) appear as yellow triangles. I feel that that is self-explanatory.

> You may see some warnings. (If of importance, check to see in what regards they are.) Scroll down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may see some warning signs. (If of importance, check to see in what regards they are.) Scroll down.
```
>... appear as yellow triangles
